Update LM documentation (#179)
omnivector-solutions/license-manager: docs-source/src/architecture.rst

License Manager Architecture
============================

> The License Manager is based on a client/backend architecture. The backend consists of a Python HTTP API and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The License Manager is based on a client/backend architecture. The backend consists of an HTTP API built of top of FastAPI and a
```

Author: I went with Tucker's suggestion for this line, thanks!

> The License Manager is based on a client/backend architecture. The backend consists of a Python HTTP API and a
> PostgreSQL database. The client consists of a timed reconcile job that runs on the control node in the cluster and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The License Manager is based on a client/backend architecture. The backend consists of a RESTful api built with Python over a
PostgreSQL database. The client consists of a timed reconcile job that runs on the control node in the cluster and
```
 [](edited-with-Axolo)

Author: Thanks, I'll change it.
